DTCT-1196: Updated Adyen-Drop-In docs (#645)
centrahq/api-documentation: pages/06.plugins/06.adyen-drop-in/docs.md

Remember, if you have `Capture Delay` in Adyen set to `immediate`, capture will ALWAYS fail in Centra. Our recommendation is that Centra should capture the payment instead. Please change the Capture Delay setting in Adyen by going to `Account` then select "Configure->Settings" and make sure you select the Merchant Account. In the settings page you will see `Capture Delay`. Set it to `Manual` or `7 days` to make sure Centra will control the capture event.
[/notice-box]

> ### OFFER_CLOSED

Reviewer: This paragraph does not say simply what should be done. It should say:

//what is required from their side
Enable `OFFER_CLOSED` webhook in Adyen (link how to do that) if you have Alternative Payment Methods enabled like iDEAL, Klarna Pay Now, Klarna Buy Now Pay later, Affirm, Dotpay and other local payment methods/bank transfers that redirect customer to payment method page or mobile app.

//and now proceed to explanation what that is, starting from offer and then about the webhook

Offer accordingly to Adyen is an initial stage of the payment which requires action from the customer side to confirm it and turn into a payment:
> An [open offer](https://help.adyen.com/knowledge/payments/payment-basics/what-is-an-offer-and-how-do-i-search-for-one) is a payment pending authorization. 

`OFFER_CLOSED` webhook from Adyen tells Centra to cancel an order that previously had Pending/Received status of the offer and have expired or have been cancelled because customer did not confirm the payment.

When webhook is enabled, Centra will cancel such orders and send cancellation email to the customer with information about the reason - cancelled payment. This type of webhook does not concern credit/debit card payments.

Reviewer: I added more explanations about offer flows as well, it's a bit complicated but let's try to explain it shortly

Webhook type relevant for Alternative Payment Methods like iDEAL, Klarna Pay Now, Klarna Buy Now Pay later, Affirm, Dotpay and other local payment methods/bank transfers that redirect customer to payment method page or mobile app. `OFFER_CLOSED` webhook from Adyen tells Centra to cancel orders that previously had Pending/Received status and have expired or have been cancelled. As a result Centra will cancel such orders and send cancellation email to the customer with information about the reason - cancelled payment. This flow does not concern credit/debit card payments.

> 

Reviewer: you should say that below section covers what happens and what can be done if OFFER_CLOSED is disabled

[notice-box=info]
Orders that have expired or were cancelled in-app by customers will be stuck on `WaitingForPayment` status in AMS order listing.
[/notice-box]

In order to fix orders from the past stuck on `WaitingForPayment` follow steps:

1. Check `pspReference` value under authorization entry in Order Payment History section on order page in AMS.
2. Check status of the offer in Adyen under `Transactions/Offers`.
3. If the offer status is `OfferCancelled` or `OfferExpired` it means that this offer will not be promoted to authorized payment and order in Centra can be safely cancelled.

[Here you can find more information about enabling OFFER_CLOSED webhook](https://docs.adyen.com/development-resources/webhooks/webhook-types/#standard-webhook-page).

> ### Disable tokenization

Reviewer: I'd rephrase the title maybe to 

### Disable recurring flag

to not indicate that somehow our integration does not handle tokenization and that it should be disabled entirely

> Disable recurring toggle in Settings/Checkout settings. This feature attempts to tokenize transactions, by flagging them as `Subscription` and appending `storePaymentMethod:true` in authorization requests. The proper workflow of the integration is that Centra controls `recurringProcessingModel` through API requests to Adyen and that setting should be disabled.

Reviewer: https://help.adyen.com/knowledge/ecommerce-integrations/tokenization/how-to-choose-recurring-processing-model

Link could be provided

Adyen merchant panel setting - switch off Recurring toggle:

![adyen-drop-in-recurring-toggle.png](adyen-drop-in-recurring-toggle.png)

[notice-box=info]

> Misconfiguration could cause legitimately initiated transactions to fail because of a discrepancy between SCA scope and would result in payment attempts rejected with error code Authentication required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Misconfiguration could cause 3DS2 payments to fail when Issuer grants frictionless flow for the transaction during authentication, but then during authorization, a recurring flag is appended which makes transaction fall into SCA scope causing a discrepancy. 
This would result in payment attempts rejected with error code Authentication required.
```
